

Ow! Ha ha ha ha
Uh-huh
No homo (Young Mula, baby)
I said, "He's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper."
(Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!)
So I let her lick the rapper (ha ha ha!)

She-She-She licked me like a lollipop (Yeah)
She—She licked me like a lollipop, l-lollipop (Yeah)
Sh-Sh-She licked me like a lollipop (Yeah)
She—She licked me like a lollipop, lollipop

Shorty want a thug (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Bottles in the club (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Shorty wanna hump (Yeah)
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (She lick me like a lollipop)
Shorty wanna thug, thug, thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club, club, club (I like that, ha ha ha)
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (C'mon, yeah!)

OK, little mama had a swag like mine (Yeah)
She even wear her hair down her back like mine (Yeah)
I make her feel right when it's wrong, like lying (Yeah)
Man, she ain't never had a love like mine (Yeah)
But man, I ain't never seen a ass like hers (Go!)
That pussy in my mouth, had me lost for words (Go!)
So I told her back it up like, "urp—urp—" (Yeah)
And I made that ass jump like, "jermp—jermp—" (ha ha ha! Yeah!)
And that's when she

She-She-She lick me like a lollipop (Oh yeah, I like that)
She—She lick me like a lollipop (Oh yeah, I like that)
She-She-She lick me like a lollipop (Yeah, I like that)
She—She lick me like a lollipop (little mama!)

Shorty want a thug (shorty want a thug, yeah!)
Bottles in the club
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps (Yeah, shorty wanna)
Shorty want a thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shorty wanna hump (I like that)
You know I like to touch (I like that! Ha ha!)
Your lovely lady lumps (Yeah)

OK (Yeah), after you back it up, don't stop (Drop it!)
Drop it, shorty (Yeah) drop it like it's hot
Ooh, drop—dr-dr-dr—drop it like it's hot (Yeah)
Do-Do-Do—Do it, shorty, don't stop (Yeah)

Shorty say the nigga that she with ain't shit (Yeah)
Shorty say the nigga that she with ain't this (Yeah)
Shorty say the nigga that she with can't hit (Yeah)
But, shorty, I'ma hit it, hit it, like I can't miss
And he can't do this (Ugh), and he don't do that (Ugh)
Shorty need a refund (Yeah), need to bring that nigga back (Ugh)
Just like a refund (Ugh), I make her bring that ass back (Ugh, ugh)
And she bring that ass back, because I like that (Ugh, ugh)

Shorty want a thug (Yeah, yeah I like that)
Bottles in the club (Yeah, I like that)
Shorty wanna hump (Yeah, I like that)
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps (Yeah)

Shorty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
I said, shorty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
Shorty wanna lick me like a lollipop
(So I let her lick the rapper) She—She lick me like a lollipop

Shorty want a thug (shorty want a thug)
Bottles in the club (Bottles in the club)
Shorty wan' hump (shorty wan' hump)
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps (ha ha ha)
Stat!

Call me, so I can make it juicy for you (Go!)
Call—Ca-Call me, s—so I can get it juicy for you (Go!)
Call—Ca-Call me, so I can make it juicy for you (Go!)
Call—Call me, s-s-so I can get it juicy for you
Call—Call me, so I can make it juicy for you (I said, hmm, mm)
Call—Ca-Call me, s-so I can get it juicy for you (Hmm, mm)
Call me, so—so I can make it juicy for you (mm, mm)
Call—Call me, so-so-so I can get it juicy for you (Mm-hm)

Shorty want a thug, thug, thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club, club, club (Yeah, I like that)
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps
I say, shorty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps

I get her on top (Yeah), she drop it like it's hot (Yeah)
And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham (Ha)
The middle of the bed (Yeah), giving, getting head (Yuh)
Giving, getting head (Huh), giving, getting head (ha ha)
I said hmm, mm (I like that)
Said hmm, mm, mm (Yeah, I like that)
I said hmm, mm, mm (Yeah, I like that)
Mm-hm

Say, call me, so I can come and do it for you
Call me, so I can come and prove it for you
Call me, so I can make it juicy for you
Call me, so I can get it juicy for you

Shorty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop (ha ha!)
She—She lick me like a lollipop, l-lollipop
I said he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
She-She-She lick me like a lollipop
(What you do?) So I let her lick the rapper
She—She lick me like a lollipop
